1. Run the startgw.bat to set java and ant class path.
2. Run studio.bat to start the Design studio
3. Once studio is up. Press Alt + Shift + F9 to run in Debug mode (for test server). Goto browser and enter the following url to see the 
   application. http://localhost:8180/pc/
4. Presentation Tier:
  config --> Page Configuration  --> pcf  --> different modules --> screens with names.
  Double click the screens to see the properties and Toolbox
  Select on top of the page. There is a tab called code; where in specific logic can be added using gosu language.
  
5. Integration Tier:
   Plug-ins can be added from set of guidewire provided list of plug-ins.
   Web-services - messages are sent sent synchronously. For example; requesting infromation from claims center or from policy center is 
   often sent in payload xml.
   
6. Ctrl + Shift + N --> to search for perticular file and then click on Gear symbol to see the source code.
 
7. Alt + Shift + E on the page from Policy Center will take to that page code, so the fields/code can be  modified.

Rest services supported in GW7.0 and decricated in 8.0 on-wards. But Soap calls are supported.

8. Entities are stored as tables in h2 database and these are available in both Entity and extensions in Guidwire studio.

9. Data Tier --> set of data objects and information about their relationship is called data model.
   Every guidewire data model consists of Entity, Entity field and Typelist.
   Entity is a different set of tables that are available.
   Entity Field is a value or set of values used to define the state or nature of a specific instance of the Entity.
      Four general types of entity field
         * Data Key - to store data
         * Foreign Key - to refer an entity
         * Array Key - to refer array of entity
         * Type Key - to refer typelist.
         
Platform level entities "eti" are common to all guidewire applications. These are system files and can not be modifiable.
   But the eti files in extensions folder can be modfiable.
Application level entities "eix" are specific to applications.
Entities extension "etx" are addons to the existing entities.
Once extension is created on eti file then etx file will be created in extensions folder.

